Cluster analysis is the task of grouping a set of objects in such a way that objects in the same group are more similar to each other than to those in other groups, the goal of clustering is to find clusters within a data set.

Cluster centriods is middle of a cluster, A centroid is a vector that contains one number for each variable, where each number is the mean of a variable for the observations in that cluster, the centroid can be thought of as the multi-dimensional average of the cluster and the centroids are calculated based on the Number of clusters.

Principal component analysis (PCA) is an unsupervised machine learning technique, the most popular use of principal component analysis is dimensionality reduction and Besides using PCA as a data preparation technique, we can also use it to help visualize data. A PCA plot shows clusters of samples based on their similarity. 


Uniform Manifold Approximation and Projection (UMAP) is a dimension reduction technique that can be used for visualisation but also for general non-linear dimension reduction and UMAP is an algorithm based on manifold learning techniques and ideas from topological data analysis, further It provides a very general framework for approaching manifold learning and dimension reduction, but can also provide specific concrete realizations.

K-means clustering is a method used for clustering analysis, especially in data mining and statistics and It aims to partition a set of observations into a number of clusters (k), resulting in the partitioning of the data into Voronoi cells. 

Hierarchical clustering, also known as hierarchical cluster analysis, is an algorithm that groups similar objects into groups called clusters and the endpoint is a set of clusters, where each cluster is distinct from each other cluster, and the objects within each cluster are broadly similar to each other.

k -medoids is a classical partitioning technique of clustering that splits the data set of n objects into k clusters, where the number k of clusters assumed known a priori, which implies that the programmer must specify k before the execution of a k -medoids algorithm. 

Spectral clustering is a technique with roots in Graph theory, where the approach is used to identify communities of nodes in a graph based on the edges connecting them and the method is flexible and allows us to cluster non graph data as well. 

HDBSCAN is a clustering algorithm, it extends DBSCAN by converting it into a hierarchical clustering algorithm, and then using a technique to extract a flat clustering based in the stability of clusters.


